feat(changelog): functions-changed-environment-variables-limitation-upgr 2026-06-11 (#6590)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/june2026/2026-06-11-functions-changed-environment-variables-limitation-upgr.mdx

---

> title: Environment variables limitation upgrade

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Environment variables limitation upgrade for Serverless Functions
```

status: changed
date: 2026-06-11
category: serverless
product: functions
---

> Environment variable max size is now 65536 characters, it was previously limited to 1000 characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The maximum size of Serverless Functions environment variables is now 65,536 characters. It was previously limited to 1,000 characters.
```
